Remove successfully deleted workloads from delete graph (#200)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: server/doc/swdesign/README.md

- impl
- utest

#### Server removes obsolete delete conditions from delete graph

> `swdd~server-removes-obsolete-delete-conditions-from-delete-graph~1`

Reviewer: As discussed, we should split this requirement in 2 as it is covering a chain of calls.

- impl
- utest

#### Server cleans up state
`swdd~server-cleans-up-state~1`

Status: approved

When the Ankaios Server receives new workload states, then the Ankaios Server shall trigger the ServerState to cleanup its internal state providing it the new workload states.

Rationale:
The server state should not have any obsolete entries.

Tags:
- AnkaiosServer
- ServerState

Needs:
- impl
- utest

#### Server removes obsolete entries from delete graph
`swdd~server-removes-obsolete-delete-graph-entires~1`

Status: approved

> When the ServerState receives a trigger to cleanup its state, the ServerState shall:
> 
> * provide the new workload states to the DeleteGraph
> * request the DeleteGraph to delete all entries for which there is a WorkloadState `Removed` in the list of new workload states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ServerState receives a trigger to cleanup its state, the ServerState shall request the DeleteGraph to delete all entries for which there is a WorkloadState `Removed` in the list of provided workload states.
```

- impl
- utest

#### Server cleans up state
`swdd~server-cleans-up-state~1`

Status: approved

> When the Ankaios Server receives new workload states, then the Ankaios Server shall:
> * provide the new workload states to the ServerState
> * trigger the ServerState to cleanup its state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Ankaios Server receives new workload states, then the Ankaios Server shall trigger the ServerState to cleanup its internal state providing it the new workload states.
```
